# HERE_COMES_THE_CUSTOMER
## Project Description:
A wholesale distributor recently tested a change to their delivery method for some customers, by moving from a morning delivery service five days a week to a cheaper evening delivery service three days a week.Initial testing did not discover any significant unsatisfactory results, so they implemented the cheaper option for all customers. Almost immediately, the distributor began getting complaints about the delivery service change and customers were canceling deliveries — losing the distributor more money than what was being saved. I tried to take data from the past customers and did exploratory data analysis on the top of it. It helped me extract features that leads to more customers. The factors that leads to acumulate more customers. I created some visual plots from did some data preprocessing removed outliers so that they don't affect the inference. Then I clustered the group of people into different categories and noted down their insights by conducting A/B testing by taking reviews of the customers so the customers of all segments experience the control as well as the treatment.

 ## A/B Test:
 An A/B test consists of a control version (like the current 5 days a week delivery service) and a treatment version (like the proposed 3 days a week delivery service). Based on the previous clusters, the A/B test needs to be performed in a manner such that some portion of customers from both segments (both retail and restaurant) experience the control as well the treatment.
So, the delivery service should be changed for some customers from cluster 0 as well as for some customers from cluster 1. This will allow the wholesale distributor to determine which cluster's customers would react positively to the change in delivery service and which cluster's customers would react negatively to the same change.


